we have known each other for so long
I wonder if the kids can meet each other on this occasion.
I studied medicine with my father since I was a child.
But my father...
Severely injured by Kang Peng of the Zombie Corporation.
Still in hospital now.
Jiang Bang likes the medical management land of Zhang Xudong's family.
Forced removal of medical tube.
Is there any law in this?
Do this right before my eyes.
It seems like I'm sick these days.
They are also too challenging.
Time to smash them good
Chairperson
This is the criminal evidence of the Giang family that I collected.
Grave does not need such identity.
Just call me Ms. Huong Khau.
Thien Thien immediately went to freeze all of Giang's family assets.
It's okay, I didn't expect Mayor Giang to be like that.
Beautiful volunteer hero
We from General Manager Tan Lao
What's up? Come to my hospital to work.
I will not abuse you.